Add browser-use to tools list (#46)
angrykoala/awesome-browser-automation: README.md

* [Alumnium](https://alumnium.ai) - Open-source AI-powered test automation library on top of Playwright/Selenium.
* [Axiom](https://axiom.ai) - No code browser automation tool, like Zapier.
* [Browserflow](https://browserflow.app) - Chrome extension to automate your local browser or in the cloud.

> * [Browser-Use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use) - Python library and service to automate browsing using AI agents and CDP.

Reviewer: Hi, I think this is a good fit for this list, just a small change on the description, I assume `CDP` stands for `Chrome DevTools Protocol`, please state that explicitly, as the initials may not be obvious to a reader:

```suggestion
* [Browser-Use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use) - Python library and service to automate browsing using AI agents and Chrome DevTools Protocol.
```
